

S24Events, on the Horizon
While at sea you come upon the remains of a seemingly abandoned fishing boat.

Choice A: Investigate the boat.

Choice B: Attach a line to the bow of the fishing vessel and try to tow it out a ways
just in case it’s a trap.

Choice C: Nothing good ever came from investigating abandoned ships. You call it in
to the coastguard and continue on your way.

Outcome A: You, arm yourself and board the vessel. The smell is the first thing that hits you. A rancid rotting stench. Something has died. It doesn’t take long to find what it is. There is a man in the cabin. Dead. He is missing his eyes. It doesn’t look like he has been dead for very long, which is the most unsettling part. Your boarding party hurries back to your ship, where you drive far away from the fishing boat. Later, you call the boat into the coastguard.

Crew Morale -1, Energy -

Outcome B: As you move to hook the line to the bow, there is a rancid smell coming from the fishing boat. This isn’t your first rodeo, so you immediately move away and call in the coast guard. When the coast guard comes, they tow the boat away and refuse to detail what they found.

Crew Morale -1

Outcome C: The coast guard finds the vessel, and days later when you follow up on the incident, no one will tell you what happened. They give you a small finder’s fee and encourage you to pretend like the ship was never found.

$50




S26Singing a Different Tune
While out at sea, you receive a distress call from the Nautilus, captained by one of
Shaw’s bitter rivals, Captain Pratt. The contents of the message are unclear, but you
do manage to extract a set of coordinates from the crackling broadcast.

Choice A: Ignore it.

Choice B: You ask them to rate their distress level on a scale from 1 to 10, ten being
the most distressed and one being the least distressed.

Choice C: Suspend all duties and head to the coordinates.

Outcome A: You continue on your way. Later you hear of the Nautilus’
disappearance from a fellow captain. Apparently the ship was attempting to shuttle
medical supplies out to the Cove. 

Cove unsupplied for 2 turns


Outcome B: There is no response from the Nautilus. After trying to raise them on the radio for ten minutes, you decide to investigate. But when you get arrive at the coordinates, there is nothing there. No sign that a ship was ever there. A feeling of unease infects the crew that night.

Crew Morale -1

Outcome C: You discover a pile of bubbling wreckage when you arrive at the
coordinates, but nothing else. As you sift through the wreckage, you haul out some
medical supplies destined for somewhere unknown.

Both empty loot and equipment storage is filled with medical supplies

to come aboard the ship full time so he can help those in need on the Amity and
abroad)







29Pirate Test
You get a bad feeling. You scan the surrounding waters for the tell tale dark shadows just below the surface that preempt an attack from the depths. But this time the source for concern isn't from below the water but speeding just above it. Four armed men are quickly approaching straight towards your boat. YOUR boat! It's not looking good. These men are definitely pirates.

Choice A: Try to outrun them. It doesn't look hopeful but it may be Shaw's only chance.

Choice B: Fight. There are enough people on board to not worry.

Choice C: Surrender. Hope they are merciful.

Outcome A: 50% chance of success (later will be based on boat speed) The pirates didn't expect your vessel to be as fast as it was and they give up for easier prey. That was close.

50% chance of failure; You max the engine but they overtake you. They steal all your money and because you ran ...

If Viktoria is on board:  they pistol whip Viktoria
Else If Cristo on board: they pistol whip Cristo
Else if Jacob is on board: They pistol whip Jacob
Else if Huston is on board: They pistol whip Huston
Else if none of those crew are on board: they look around for someone to kick in the shin but then decide to just leave.
One crew gets injured | Lose all funds

Outcome B: 

If Viki on board: You fight. Viktoria is much better with a knife than the average pirate would figure. Still Viktoria doesn't end the scuffle unscathed. But you can't help but notice the pride in her eyes as she sees them retreating.

Viktoria Morale Max | Health = 1

Else if Cristo on board: Cristo doesn't put up much of a fight. In fact the pirates seem genuinely amused at his attempts. They decide to let you be but you can hear their laughter long after they get too far away to see. Cristo seems more than a little insulted.

Cristo Morale -1

Else if Huston is on board: Huston moves much quicker than either you or the pirates expect. There must be a lot of rage built up in him. In any case the pirates retreat to wait for more easy prey.

Neutral result

Else if None of those crew are on board: There isn't really anyone to put up a fight. The pirates easily overtake your boat. And they take all your money no problem. Your crew doesn't look at you the same after that.

All funds lost | Crew Morale -1

Outcome C: Surprisingly the pirates are quite cordial. They are borderline apologetic. But ... they do take all your money though. That was a given.

All funds lost





S31Lost at Sea 
You come upon a dingy in the open sea. Miraculously, there is still a man alive on the
raft. But there are also signs that there may have been a struggle on board. Scraps of
bright colored clothing that don’t match the man’s clothes and dried blood on a
second life jacket. You ask the man if there was anyone with him and he says no one
else survived when their ship sunk. You:

Choice A. Let him on board.

Choice B. Give him food and water, but ask that he stay on his raft and tow him into
the Cove.

Choice C. Cut him loose and pray that no one else finds him before the sea swallows
him whole.

Outcome A. 

If Legaine and Huston are on board: You let the man on board. Immediately, the man attempts to take Legaine hostage. Huston kills the man the moment he touches Legaine. You throw his corpse overboard and no one speaks of the man ever again.

Else if only Legaine is on board: You let the man on board. Immediately, the man attempts to take Legaine hostage. Shaw manages to overpower the man and restrain him, but not before he cuts Legaine’s neck. Legaine is injured. After arguing about what to do with the man, you throw him in your refrigerated stocks and head back to the coast guard station. When you reach port, you throw open the door and discover that the man froze to death. You calmly dump the man’s frozen corpse overboard. Later, Legaine is told that he was turned over to the authorities. No one speaks of the incident again.

Legaine Injured +3

If Legaine is not on board: You let the man on board. Immediately you regret your decision as he makes everyone on board clearly uncomfortable. It would be best to return to port as soon as possible and let the gentleman off.

Crew Morale = 0

See Lost at Sea Resolution


Outcome B

If Huston is not on board. You will tow the man back to the Cove and drop him off at the docks.

See Lost at Sea Resolution;

Else if Huston is on board: While towing the man into port, a large rapturous tentacle reaches up from the depths and drags him under kicking and screaming. He is gone before you can help him. After racing to port safely, the crew mull over the implications of their actions. Only Huston seems unphased, commenting, “the sea is God’s eye and within it, you are judged so.” No one speaks of the incident again.

Outcome C. No one speaks of the incident ever again.

Crew Morale -1

Lost at Sea Resolution: A while after you've settled for the day you are near Anna's and a crowd of people are standing around talking about the latest news.

Ask what the latest news is. 

Someone tells you a man that was saved from sea was stabbed to death outside a bar after he tried to attack a woman.






S45Vapers
While at sea, a band of pirates on jet skis suddenly surround you. You:

Choice A: Jet skis can’t be an effective transport for pirates. Voice your concern to them.

Choice B: “Huston.”

Choice C: Try to negotiate. 

Choice D: Floor it. 


Choice A: As you voice your concern with their choice of transportation, the pirates start firing at your crew. Huston draws his pistol and returns fire, while Arthur starts lobbing dynamite at them. One of the jet skis is obliterated, raining blood and guts onto the deck of your ship. The pirates quickly retreat after seeing the devastation. You collect a few weapons left behind. (Weapons +)

Choice B: Huston draws his pistol and starts firing at the pirates. They quickly scatter as they have no way to shield themselves from your second mate’s barrage. I don’t think they thought this through. A few of them left supplies when they fled. You collect the supplies and radio the encounter into the coast guard. (Supplies +, Weapons +)

Choice C: Before you can start negotiating, Huston draws his pistol and starts firing at the pirates. They quickly scatter as they have no way to shield themselves from your second mate’s barrage. I don’t think they thought this through. A few of them hemorrhaged supplies when they fled. You collect the supplies and radio the encounter into the coast guard. (Supplies +, Weapons +)

Choice D: You throw the throttle down and speed away. The jet skis poor gas mileage does not allow them to keep up with you, and they peel off one by one over time. (Neutral result)  



